InventoryMate 

This project contains services like order, party, payment, product, transport, user, warehouse. 
We are using netflix eureka server to register the services. 

Follow these steps to setup app in your local:

1. Install java 21, postgresql and vscode(or any ide of your choice), install postman/bruno for testing, git for version management.

2. Clone the project using the link mentioned in github.https://github.com/harshi20032000/inventorymate-microservice, https://github.com/harshi20032000/inventorymate-frontend

3. For best experience use ssh, generate pub key and save it in github access key and then save remote origin for fetch and push in git bash.

4. if you want to run in docker go through the docker-compose file once and use it. To run it in local follow steps 5 to 15.

5. In each of the services(e.g. order, party, payment, product, transport, user, warehouse) go to files - \src\main\resources\application.properties.

6. Update the username and password for datasource accordingly in application.properties.

7. Change the property -spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto is set from "validate" to "update"

8. Start the services begining from eureka server first and then start each application one by one.

9. hibernate.ddl-auto will make sure to create the respective schema and their table for each of the services.

10. You can skip step 5, 6, 7 and manually create schemas and tables using createSchema.txt, createTables.txt and insert-statement.txt

11. After all application successfully starts open - http://localhost:8761/ to see all registered services.

12. Also open pgAdmin to check the schemas and tables created. After making sure the schema and tables are successfully created, change 
  property -spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto is set to "validate".

13. Now run insert script to have basic data to test your services. 

14. Use services.postman_collection.json files to import collections into postman or bruno.

15. Now start testing your application services by starting and testing with postman.

Happy Coding!
  


Later use font - frutiger

